{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Dear Editors of 
\f1\i Glossa: Psycholinguistics
\f0\i0 \
\
This letter is to accompany our manuscript \'93Statistical Reporting Inconsistencies in Experimental Linguistics.\'94 To our knowledge, this paper provides the first systematic assessment of statistical reporting inconsistencies in experimental linguistics. Using an automatic string matching algorithm from the Statcheck R package, we investigated the prevalence of statistical reporting consistencies across nearly six thousand articles across eight experimental linguistics journals published between 2000 and 2023. We find that half of all articles that used null hypothesis significance testing contained at least one inconsistent p-value. One in eight articles contained an inconsistency that may have affected the authors\'92 statistical conclusion. We argue that this is a concerning state of affairs and suggest concrete and actionable recommendations for authors, reviewers and editors on how to remedy this situation, including increasing efforts to share reproducible workflows. We think 
\f1\i Glossa: Psycholinguistics 
\f0\i0 is an ideal venue for this manuscript as the journal positioned itself as a role model for transparent and reproducible practices in experimental linguistics. We hope that you find this paper suitable for publication.\
\
In line with the open data policy at 
\f1\i Glossa: Psycholinguistics
\f0\i0 , all sharable data and analyses are available here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://osf.io/9ceas/"}}{\fldrslt https://osf.io/gx3ub/?view_only=25957e06b5f449d6820b529eb0ae1937}}. \
\
The following scholars might be fitting peer reviewers for our paper:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Dr. Mich\'e8le B Nuijten ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:m.b.nuijten@uvt.nl"}}{\fldrslt m.b.nuijten@uvt.nl}}): co-developer of Statcheck and meta-scientist\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Dr. Bruno Nicenboim ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:bruno.nicenboim@tilburguniversity.edu"}}{\fldrslt bruno.nicenboim@tilburguniversity.edu}}): experimental and computational linguist, who has advocated for statistical reforms in linguistics\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Dr. Lukas S\'f6nning ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:lukas.soenning@uni-bamberg.de"}}{\fldrslt lukas.soenning@uni-bamberg.de}}): quantitative linguist, co-editor of a special issue on the replication crisis in linguistics\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Dr. Bodo Winter ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:b.winter@bham.ac.uk"}}{\fldrslt b.winter@bham.ac.uk}}): quantitative linguist with a strong profile as statistical educator in linguistics. However, the second author (TBR) has published with Dr. Winter before (last time in 2019) so there is a potential conflict of interest.\
}